docs: document that multiple --filters are unions (#5247)
vercel/turbo: docs/pages/repo/docs/reference/command-line-reference/run.mdx

Multiple filters can be combined to select distinct sets of targets. Additionally, filters
can also exclude targets. A target that matches any filter and is not explicitly excluded will

> be in the final entrypoint selection. In other words, the final list of targets is an _union_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be in the final entrypoint selection. In other words, the final list of targets is a _union_
```

> of all the targets matching the filters provided, not an intersection.

Reviewer: Not quite technically correct. It's the union of the inclusions, minus the union of the exclusions.

```suggestion
of all the targets matching the filters provided, minus the union of targets that have been excluded.
```
